Xianzi is so helpful. you.
Accept the election. Do you know that the emperor of Li Ka team is very helpful?
It only opens once a month. Every reservation must be made at least half a year in advance.
Even if it is a second-rate addition. Sometimes I may not be able to get help from the emperor.
You do it for the sake of party face. You are the most slippery,
You can even blow it out of your mouth. Let me talk about it.
You used to be the general manager of the tomb house.
You should also know the situation of the Naka team.
How can I make this conversation smaller for you.
Or, actually, you know the truth.
But it’s not a bit of a face
You can push him around in this group
so i said
Things I can't do in front of you
For me, I don’t know
Anyway, why don’t you know about service?
Why did you come? The key is
I don't know how you know
I'll meet you here tonight
I'll tell you again
You are no longer
The Meng family organized
That’s why you, Meng Quan, can be of the Meng family
Brother Tang, who still has hidden money left to cooperate with
God and I only come here to eat and just eat.
Here is the first good treasure chest
He Tianzi’s Treasure Box
I have already ordered a good treasure chest.
don't tell me
We ordered the emperor's unexploded force. Let me see.
They eat and cause chaos